update with release notes for 1.4.0 release (#13657)
apache/incubator-mxnet: NEWS.md

> #### MXNet nGraph integration

Reviewer: I would add a note on how to use / enable this feature and it's stability:  for example "After building MXNet with nGraph support, users can enable nGraph backend by setting MXNET_SUBGRAPH_BACKEND="ngraph" environmental variable." otherwise users have to read design document details.

Author: added

As the diversity of deep learning hardware accelerators increase, it is important to have an efficient abstraction layer so developers can avoid having to enable each accelerator/compute separately. Intel nGraph enables that vision. The primary goal of this integration is to provide a seamless development and deployment experience to data scientists and machine learning engineers to leverage Intel nGraph ecosystem with MXNet. As Subgraph API seamlessly integrates with MXNet frontend API, users should just be able to use or switch nGraph backend with any existing MXNet scripts, models and deployments using the symbolic interface. For more details see  [MXNet nGraph integration using subgraph backend interface](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MXNET/MXNet+nGraph+integration+using+subgraph+backend+interface)

> #### JVM Memory Management

Author: @mbrookhart - please clarify status of the integration and address the comments for @larroy. It looks to me that the integration is not merged https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/12502 and as such I should remove the ngraph integration from 1.4.0 release notes. Please provide an update.

> #### JVM Memory Management

Reviewer 2: Hasn't been merged, we've been having trouble getting @zheng-da and @reminisce attention around ReInvent/NeurIPS ;) Probably shouldn't be in the 1.4 release notes, it's not in 1.4.

Users have to track the MXNet objects manually and remember to call dispose, this is not Java Idiomatic and not user-friendly, quoting a user "this feels like I am writing C++ code which I stopped ages ago"
Leads to memory leaks if dispose is not called.
Many Objects in MXNet-Scala are managed in native memory, needing to use dispose on them as well.
bloated code with dispose() methods.
hard to debug memory-leaks
Goals of the project are to provide MXNet JVM Users automated memory management which can release native memory when there are no references to JVM objects, to be able to manage both GPU and CPU Memory automatically without performance degradation with automated memory management.  More details can be found here: [JVM Memory Management](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MXNET/JVM+Memory+Management)

> #### Topology-aware AllReduce

Reviewer: From what I have seen, and unless I have missed something, this feature is not working yet correctly. The test in p3.16xlarge are failing and we aren't able to partition the trees during C++ unit tests.  I would not announce it on the release notes.

https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/issues/13341

I would only announce features which can be used by our users and don't waste their time and produce frustration.

Author: added note that it is an experimental feature and has known problems.

For distributed training, the ring Reduce communication pattern used by NCCL and Parameter server Reduce currently used in MXNet are not optimal for small batch sizes on p3.16xlarge instances with 8 GPUs. The approach is based on the idea of using trees to perform the Reduce and Broadcast. We can use the idea of minimum spanning trees to do a binary tree Reduce communication pattern to improve it following this paper by Wang, Li, Edo and Smola [1]. Our strategy will be to use:

  * a single tree (latency-optimal for small messages) to handle Reduce on small messages
  * multiple trees (bandwidth-optimal for large messages) to handle large messages. 

More details can be found here: [Topology-aware AllReduce](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MXNET/Single+machine+All+Reduce+Topology-aware+Communication)

### New Operators 

* Add trigonometric operators (#12424)

> * [MXNET-807] Support integer label type in ctc_loss operator (#12468)

Author: I think we can develop guidelines for future releases and release notes. The Jira references provide additional information and are comming directly from PR title (as they are supposed to be set in title).

> * [MXNET-807] Support integer label type in ctc_loss operator (#12468)

Reviewer 3: It's probably too much work to move them around. Let's set a standard for the titles for the next round, so that making the release notes can be as automated as possible. With the combo of good titles and labels, release notes should be easier to create and more helpful.

* [MXNET-876] make CachedOp a normal operator (#11641)
* Add index_copy() operator (#12810)
* getnnz operator  for CSR matrix (#12908)
* [MXNET-1173] Debug operators - isfinite, isinf and isnan (#12967)
* sample_like operators (#13034)
* Add gauss err function operator (#13229)
* [MXNET -1030] Cosine Embedding Loss (#12750)
* Add bytearray support back to imdecode (#12855, #12868) (#12912)
* Add Psroipooling CPU implementation (#12738)

### Feature improvements 
#### Operator
* [MXNET-912] Refactoring ctc loss operator (#12637)
* Refactor L2_normalization (#13059)

> * customized take forward for CPU (#12997)

Author: updated.

> * Allow stop of arange to be inferred from dims. (#12064)

Author: updated PR title.

* Make check_isfinite, check_scale optional in clip_global_norm (#12042) add FListInputNames attribute to softmax_cross_entropy (#12701) [MXNET-867] Pooling1D with same padding (#12594)
* Add support for more req patterns for bilinear sampler backward (#12386) [MXNET-882] Support for N-d arrays added to diag op. (#12430)

#### Optimizer

> * Adagrad optimizer with row-wise learning rate (#12365)

Author: added.

* Adding python SVRGModule for performing SVRG Optimization Logic (#12376)

#### Sparse

* Fall back when sparse arrays are passed to MKLDNN-enabled operators (#11664)

> * further bump up tolerance for sparse dot (#12527)

Author: bug fix, moved to bug fix section.

> * Sparse support for logic ops (#12860)

Author: done

* sparse support for take(csr, axis=0)  (#12889)

> #### ONNX

Author: done

* ONNX export - Clip operator (#12457)
* Onnx version update from 1.2.1 to 1.3 in CI (#12633) 
* Use modern onnx API to load model from file (#12777)
* [MXNET-892] ONNX export/import: DepthToSpace, SpaceToDepth operators (#12731)
* ONNX export: Fully connected operator w/o bias, ReduceSum, Square (#12646)
* ONNX export/import: Selu (#12785)
* ONNX export: Cleanup (#12878)

> * Added operators: Selu, DepthToSpace, SpaceToDepth, HardSigmoid, Logical operators

Author: added pr

#### MKLDNN

* MKLDNN Forward FullyConnected  op cache (#11611)
* [MXNET-753] Fallback when using non-MKLDNN supported operators (#12019)
* MKLDNN Backward op cache (#11301)
* Implement mkldnn convolution fusion and quantization. (#12530)
* Improve mkldnn fallback. (#12663)
* Update MKL-DNN dependency (#12953)
* Update MKLML dependency (#13181)
* [MXNET-33] Enhance mkldnn pooling to support full convention (#11047)

#### Inference
* [MXNET-910] Multithreading inference. (#12456)
* Tweaked the copy in c_predict_api.h (#12600)

#### Other
* support for upper triangular matrices in linalg (#12904)
* [MXNET-918] Introduce Random module / Refact code generation (#13038)
* [MXNET-779]Add DLPack Transformation API (#12047)

> * Draw labels name (#9496)

Author: updated

* Change the way NDArrayIter handle the last batch (#12285)

> * Revert Change the way NDArrayIter handle the last batch (#12537)

Author: removed

* Gluon DataLoader: avoid recursionlimit error (#12622)

#### Symbol
* Addressed dumplicate object reference issues (#13214)
* Throw exception if MXSymbolInferShape fails. (#12733)
* Infer dtype in SymbolBlock import from input symbol (#12412)

### Language API updates
#### Java
* [MXNET-1198] MXNet Java API (#13162)

#### R
* Refactor R Optimizers to fix memory leak - 11374
* Add new Vignettes to the R package
  * Char-level Language modeling - 12670
  * Multidimensional Time series forecasting - 12664
* Fix broken Examples and tutorials
  * Tutorial on neural network introduction - 12117
  * CGAN example - 12283
  * Test classification with LSTMs - 12263

#### Scala
* explain the details for Scala Experimental (#12348)
* MXNET-873 - Bring Clojure Package Inline with New DataDesc and Layout in Scala Package (#12387)
* [MXNET-716] Adding Scala Inference Benchmarks (#12721)
* [MXNET-716][MIRROR #12723] Scala Benchmark Extension pack (#12758)
* NativeResource Management in Scala (#12647)
* Ignore generated scala files. (#12928)
* use ResourceScope in Model/Trainer/FeedForward.scala (#12882)
* [MXNET-1180] Scala Image API (#12995) 

> * ONNX export: Scalar, Reshape - Set appropriate tensor type (#13067)

Author: moved

* Port of scala Image API to clojure (#13107) 
* update log4j version of Scala package (#13131)
* review require() usages to add meaningful messages. (#12570)

#### Clojure
* Introduction to Clojure-MXNet video link. (#12754)
* Improve the Clojure Package README to Make it Easier to Get Started (#12881)

#### Perl
* [MXNET-1026] [Perl] Sync with recent changes in Python's API (#12739)

#### Julia
* import Julia binding

### Performance improvements
* update mshadow for omp acceleration when nvcc is not present  (#12674)
* [MXNET-860] Avoid implicit double conversions (#12361)

> ### Bug fixes

Reviewer: My fix to shape inference is missing: https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/13409

https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/13487

* fix search result 404s (#12414) 
* fix help in imread (#12420)
* fix render issue on &lt; and &gt; (#12482)
* [MXNET-853] Fix for smooth_l1 operator scalar default value (#12284)
* fix subscribe links, remove disabled icons (#12474)
* Fix broken URLs (#12508)
* Fix/public internal header (#12374)
* Fix lazy record io when used with dataloader and multi_worker > 0 (#12554)
* Fix error in try/finally block for blc (#12561)
* add cudnn_off parameter to SpatialTransformer Op and fix the inconsistency between CPU & GPU code (#12557)
* [MXNET-798] Fix the dtype cast from non float32 in Gradient computation (#12290)
* Fix CodeCovs proper commit detection (#12551)
* add TensorRT tutorial to index and fix ToC (#12587)
* Fixed typo in c_predict_api.cc (#12601)
* Fix typo in profiler.h (#12599)
* Fixed NoSuchMethodError for Jenkins Job for MBCC (#12618)
* [MXNET-922] Fix memleak in profiler (#12499)
* [MXNET-969] Fix buffer overflow in RNNOp (#12603) 
*  Fixed param coercion of clojure executor/forward (#12627) (#12630)
* Fix version dropdown behavior (#12632)
* Fix reference to wrong function (#12644)
* Fix the location of the tutorial of control flow operators (#12638)

> * fix bug, issue 12613 (#12614)

Author: clarified

* fix benchmark on control flow operators. (#12693)
* Fix regression in MKLDNN caused by PR 12019 (#12740)
* Fixed broken link for Baidu's WARP CTC (#12774)
* fix cnn visualization tutorial (#12719) 
* [MXNET-979] Add fix_beta support in BatchNorm (#12625)
* R fix metric shape (#12776)
* Revert [MXNET-979] Add fix_beta support in BatchNorm (#12625) (#12789)
* Fix mismatch shapes (#12793)
* fixed symbols naming in RNNCell, LSTMCell, GRUCell (#12794)
* Fixed __setattr__ method of _MXClassPropertyMetaClass (#12811)
* Fixed regex for matching platform type in Scala Benchmark scripts (#12826)
* Fix broken links (#12856)
* Fix Flaky Topk (#12798)
* [MXNET-1033] Fix a bug in MultiboxTarget GPU implementation (#12840)
* [MXNET-1107] Fix CPUPinned unexpected behaviour (#12031)
* Fix __all__ in optimizer/optimizer.py (#12886)
* Fix Batch input issue with Scala Benchmark (#12848)
* fix type inference in index_copy. (#12890)
* fix the paths issue for downloading script (#12913)
* fix indpt[0] for take(csr) (#12927)
* Fix the bug of assigning large integer to NDArray (#12921)
* fix Sphinx errors for tutorials and install ToCs (#12945)

> * fix readme (#13082)

Author: done

* Fix variable name in tutorial code snippet (#13052)
* Fix example for mxnet.nd.contrib.cond and fix typo in src/engine (#12954)
* Fix a typo in operator guide (#13115)
* Fix variational autoencoder example (#12880)
* Fix problem with some OSX not handling the cast on imDecode (#13207)
* Sphinx failure fixes (#13213)

> * Revert Sphinx failure fixes (#13230)

Author: removed

* [MXNET-953] Fix oob memory read (#12631)
* Fix Sphinx error in ONNX file (#13251)
* [Example] Fixing Gradcam implementation (#13196)
* fix train mnist for inception-bn and resnet (#13239)
* Fix a bug in index_copy (#13218)
* Fix Sphinx errors in box_nms (#13261)
* Fix Sphinx errors (#13252)

> * fix the flag (#13293)

Author: fixed

* Fix Sphinx errors for tutorials and install ToCs (#12945)
* Fix variable name in tutorial code snippet (#13052)
* Fix example for mxnet.nd.contrib.cond and fix typo in src/engine (#12954)
* Fix a typo in operator guide (#13115)
* Fix variational autoencoder example (#12880)
* Fix problem with some OSX not handling the cast on imDecode (#13207)
* [MXNET-953] Fix oob memory read (#12631)
* Fix Sphinx error in ONNX file (#13251)
* [Example] Fixing Gradcam implementation (#13196)
* Fix train mnist for inception-bn and resnet (#13239)
* Fix a bug in index_copy (#13218)
* Fix Sphinx errors in box_nms (#13261)
* Fix Sphinx errors (#13252)
* Fix the cpp example compiler flag (#13293)
* Made fixes to sparse.py and sparse.md (#13305)
* [Example] Gradcam- Fixing a link (#13307)
* Manually track num_max_thread (#12380)
* [Issue #11912] throw mxnet exceptions when decoding invalid images. (#12999)
* Undefined name: load_model() --> utils.load_model() (#12867)
* Change the way NDArrayIter handle the last batch (#12545)
* Add embedding to print_summary (#12796)
* Allow foreach on input with 0 length (#12471)
* [MXNET-360]auto convert str to bytes in img.imdecode when py3 (#10697)

> 

Reviewer 4: Please add
* Fix unpicklable transform_first on windows (#13686 )

#### Topology-aware AllReduce
For distributed training, the ring Reduce communication pattern used by NCCL and Parameter server Reduce currently used in MXNet are not optimal for small batch sizes on p3.16xlarge instances with 8 GPUs. The approach is based on the idea of using trees to perform the Reduce and Broadcast. We can use the idea of minimum spanning trees to do a binary tree Reduce communication pattern to improve it following this paper by Wang, Li, Edo and Smola [1]. Our strategy will be to use:

  * a single tree (latency-optimal for small messages) to handle Reduce on small messages
  * multiple trees (bandwidth-optimal for large messages) to handle large messages. 

More details can be found here: [Topology-aware AllReduce](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MXNET/Single+machine+All+Reduce+Topology-aware+Communication)
Note: This is an experimental feature and has known problems - see [13341](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/issues/13341). Please help to contribute to improve the robustness of the feature.

> #### MKDNN backend: Graph optimization and Quantization (experimental)

Reviewer 5: I see other new features, like subgraph, without `Experimental` description in the title.
Do we need to align with others by removing `Experimental` in here or add it for other new features too?

Reviewer 5: One more, could you help add below sentence at the end of first paragraph?

`Currently, this feature is only available for the inference on the CPU platforms.`

> #### MKDNN backend: Graph optimization and Quantization (experimental)

Reviewer 6: typo: MKDNN -> MKLDNN. Also `MKLDNN` and `MKL-DNN` are mix-used in this note. Should be unified.

Reviewer 5: Good catch! 
Let's use `MKLDNN` in the MXNet side :)  When we talk about the library, we should use `Intel MKL-DNN`.

#### 3rd party
##### TVM: 
* Updated tvm submodule head (#12764)
* Updated tvm submodule head (#12448)
##### CUDNN: 
* [MXNET-1179] Enforce deterministic algorithms in convolution layers (#12992)
* CudnnFind() usage improvements (#12804)
* Add option for automatic downcasting dtype for cudnn to allow using Tensorcore for fp32  (#12722)
##### Horovod:
* [MXNET-1111] Remove CPUPinned in ImageRecordIter (#12666)

### Deprications
* Add a deprecate message (#13042) contrib_CTCLoss is deprecated. Added a message in command
### Other
* Updating news, readme files and bumping master version to 1.3.1 (#12525)
* Add new name to CONTRIBUTORS.md (#12763)
* Update contribute.md (#12685)
* Updated CONTRIBUTORS.md to include lebeg and gigasquid, moved mabreu to committers section (#12766)
* Update CONTRIBUTORS.md (#12996)
* Updated CONTRIBUTORS.md to include mxnet-label-bot  (#13048)

### How to build MXNet
Please follow the instructions at https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/install/index.html

### List of submodules used by Apache MXNet (Incubating) and when they were updated last
Submodule@commit ID::Last updated by MXNet:: Last update in submodule

> * cub@::Jul 31, 2017 :: Jul 31, 2017

Reviewer 7: commit hashes?

Apache MXNet (incubating) Change Log
================

> ## 1.4.0

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## 1.4.0

- [New Features](#new-features)
  * [Java Inference API](#java-inference-api)
  * [Julia API](#julia-api)
  * [Control Flow Operators (experimental)](#control-flow-operators--experimental-)
  * [SVRG Optimization](#svrg-optimization)
  * [Subgraph API (experimental)](#subgraph-api--experimental-)
  * [JVM Memory Management](#jvm-memory-management)
  * [Topology-aware AllReduce (experimental)](#topology-aware-allreduce--experimental-)
  * [MKLDNN backend: Graph optimization and Quantization (experimental)](#mkldnn-backend--graph-optimization-and-quantization--experimental-)
    + [Graph Optimization](#graph-optimization)
    + [Quantization](#quantization)
- [New Operators](#new-operators)
- [Feature improvements](#feature-improvements)
  * [Operator](#operator)
  * [Optimizer](#optimizer)
  * [Sparse](#sparse)
  * [ONNX](#onnx)
  * [MKLDNN](#mkldnn)
  * [Inference](#inference)
  * [Other](#other)
- [Frontend API updates](#frontend-api-updates)
  * [Gluon](#gluon)
  * [Symbol](#symbol)
- [Language API updates](#language-api-updates)
  * [Java](#java)
  * [R](#r)
  * [Scala](#scala)
  * [Clojure](#clojure)
  * [Perl](#perl)
  * [Julia](#julia)
- [Performance benchmarks and improvements](#performance-benchmarks-and-improvements)
- [Bug fixes](#bug-fixes)
- [Licensing updates](#licensing-updates)
- [Improvements](#improvements)
  * [Tutorial](#tutorial)
  * [Example](#example)
  * [Documentation](#documentation)
  * [Test](#test)
  * [Website](#website)
  * [MXNet Distributions](#mxnet-distributions)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Build and CI](#build-and-ci)
  * [3rd party](#3rd-party)
    + [TVM:](#tvm-)
    + [CUDNN:](#cudnn-)
    + [Horovod:](#horovod-)
- [Deprications](#deprications)
- [Other](#other-1)
- [How to build MXNet](#how-to-build-mxnet)
- [List of submodules used by Apache MXNet (Incubating) and when they were updated last](#list-of-submodules-used-by-apache-mxnet--incubating--and-when-they-were-updated-last)
```

Author: added

#### Topology-aware AllReduce (experimental)
For distributed training, the `Reduce` communication patterns used by NCCL and MXNet are not optimal for small batch sizes. The `Topology-aware AllReduce` approach is based on the idea of using trees to perform the `Reduce` and `Broadcast` operations. We can use the idea of minimum spanning trees to do a binary tree `Reduce` communication pattern to improve distributed training following this paper by Wang, Li, Edo and Smola [1]. Our strategy is to use:

  * a single tree (latency-optimal for small messages) to handle `Reduce` on small messages
  * multiple trees (bandwidth-optimal for large messages) to handle `Reduce` on large messages

More details can be found here: [Topology-aware AllReduce](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/MXNET/Single+machine+All+Reduce+Topology-aware+Communication)
Note: This is an experimental feature and has known problems - see [13341](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/issues/13341). Please help to contribute to improve the robustness of the feature.

#### MKLDNN backend: Graph optimization and Quantization (experimental)

> Two advanced features, graph optimization (operator fusion) and reduced-precision (INT8) computation, are introduced to MKLDNN backend in this release ([#12530](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/12530), [#13297](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/13297), [#13260](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/13260)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Two advanced features, graph optimization (operator fusion) and reduced-precision (INT8) computation, are introduced to the MKLDNN backend in this release ([#12530](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/12530), [#13297](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/13297), [#13260](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/13260)).
```

Author: accepted

> These features significantly boost the inference performance on CPU (up to 4X) for a broad range of deep learning topologies. Currently, this feature is only available for the inference on the CPU platforms.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
These features significantly boost the inference performance on CPU (up to 4X) for a broad range of deep learning topologies. Currently, this feature is only available for inference on platforms with [supported Intel CPUs](https://github.com/intel/mkl-dnn#system-requirements).
```

##### Graph Optimization

> MKLDNN backend takes advantage of MXNet subgraph to implement the most of possible operator fusions for inference, such as Convolution + ReLU, Batch Normalization folding, etc. When using mxnet-mkl package, users can easily enable this feature by setting export MXNET_SUBGRAPH_BACKEND=MKLDNN.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
MKLDNN backend takes advantage of MXNet's subgraph to implement to maximize support of operator fusions for inference, such as Convolution + ReLU, Batch Normalization Folding, etc. When using the `mxnet-mkl` pip package, users can easily enable this feature by setting an environment variable: `export MXNET_SUBGRAPH_BACKEND=MKLDNN`.
```

Author: accepted

##### Quantization

> Performance of reduced-precision (INT8) computation is also dramatically improved after the graph optimization feature is applied on CPU Platforms. Various models are supported and can benefit from reduced-precision computation, including symbolic models, Gluon models and even custom models. Users can run most of the pre-trained models with only a few lines of commands and a new quantization script imagenet_gen_qsym_mkldnn.py. The observed accuracy loss is less than 0.5% for popular CNN networks, like ResNet-50, Inception-BN, MobileNet, etc.

Reviewer 3: "Users can run most of the pre-trained models with only a few lines of commands, or they can use the new quantization script, `imagenet_gen_qsym_mkldnn.py`." I changed this to an OR because that seemed intended... but is it really an AND? 

```suggestion
Performance of reduced-precision (INT8) computation is also dramatically improved after the graph optimization feature is applied on CPU platforms. Various models are supported, and they can benefit from reduced-precision computation. This includes symbolic, Gluon, and even custom models. Users can run most of the pre-trained models with only a few lines of commands, or they can use the new quantization script, `imagenet_gen_qsym_mkldnn.py`. For popular CNN networks like ResNet-50, Inception-BN, MobileNet, etc., the observed accuracy loss is less than 0.5%.
```

Author: accepted

  * Test classification with LSTMs - 12263

#### Scala
* Explain the details for Scala Experimental (#12348)

> * MXNET-873 - Bring Clojure Package Inline with New DataDesc and Layout in Scala Package (#12387)

Reviewer 3: This should go in the clojure section

Author: accepted

* [MXNET-716] Adding Scala Inference Benchmarks (#12721)
* [MXNET-716][MIRROR #12723] Scala Benchmark Extension pack (#12758)
* NativeResource Management in Scala (#12647)
* Ignore generated Scala files (#12928)
* Use ResourceScope in Model/Trainer/FeedForward.scala (#12882)
* [MXNET-1180] Scala Image API (#12995) 

> * Port of Scala Image API to Clojure (#13107) 

Reviewer 3: This should go in the clojure section.

* Update log4j version of Scala package (#13131)
* Review require() usages to add meaningful messages (#12570)
* Fix Scala readme (#13082)

#### Clojure
* Introduction to Clojure-MXNet video link (#12754)
* Improve the Clojure Package README to Make it Easier to Get Started (#12881)

#### Perl
* [MXNET-1026] [Perl] Sync with recent changes in Python's API (#12739)

#### Julia

> * Import Julia binding

Reviewer 3: Can we get a PR link here? 
https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/pull/10149
I was curious to know how big this is... and it is pretty big so we should have some links going somewhere... Also something to a README about how to use it. Maybe this? http://dmlc.ml/MXNet.jl/latest/user-guide/install/

Author: added
